---
layout: post
title:  "TOFEL 1 音乐语言"
date:   2017-04-14
categories: 英语
excerpt: 嗯
---

> A painter hangs his or her finished pictures on a wall, and everyone can see it. A composer writes a work, but no one can hear it until it is performed. Professional singers and players have great responsibilities, for the composer is \[utterly\](完全的) dependent on them. A student of music needs as long and as \[arduous\](艰巨的) a training to become a perfomer as a medical student needs to become a doctor. Most training is concerned with technique, for musicians have to have the \[muscular\] (强壮的) \[proficiency\](熟练) of an athlete or a ballet dancer. Singers practice breathing every day, as their \[vocal\](有声音的) \[chords\](弦) would be inadequate without controlled [muscular])(强壮的) support. String players practice moving the fingers of the left hand up and down, while drawing the bow to and \[fro\](向后) with the right arm-two entirely different movements.
> Singers and instuments have to be able to get every note perfectly in \[tune\](曲调). Piantists are spared this particular anxiety, for the notes are already there, waiting for them, and it is the piano tuner's responsibility to \[tune\](曲调) the instrument for them. But they have their own difficulties; the hammers that hit the string have to be \[coaxed\](哄) not to sound like \[percussion\](敲打), and each \[overlapping\](重叠) \[tone\](声调，语调) has to sound clear.
> This problem of getting clear \[texture\](质地，结构) is one that confronts(面对) student \[conductors\](指挥) : they have to learn to know every note of the music and how it should sound, and they have to aim at controlling these sound with \[fanatical\](狂热的) but \[selfless authority\](客观权威). 
Technique is of no use unless it is combined with musical knowledge and understanding. Great artists are those who are so \[thoroughly\](彻底的) at home in the language of music that they can enjoy performing works written in any century.

### 生词：

> utterly: 完全的
> arduous: 艰巨的
> muscular: 强壮的
> proficiency: 熟练的
> vocal: 有声音的
> chords: 弦
> fro: 向后
> tune: 曲调
> coaxed: 哄，用好话说
> percussion: 敲打
> tone: 声调，语调
> texture: 质地，结构
> confronts: 面对
> conductors: 指挥
> fanatical: 狂热的
> selfless authority: 客观权威
> thoroughly: 彻底的

### 短语：

> be concerned with: 参与，干预，而不是挂念

### 句子：

1. This problem of getting clear texture is one that confronts student conductors...

如何得到乐章清晰的条纹是学生指挥们所面临的难题...

### 大意：

我想这篇文章主要是要致敬那些搞音乐的人吧，不管是唱歌的，写词的，还是指挥的，都要花费好多好多的努力和大量的时间去练习。

只要生词都记下来后，通读一遍就很简单了。